Link to local volume operations guide in sig-storage-local-static-provisioner (#418)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/setup.md

## Local Persistent Volume

### Prepare local volumes

> See [operations guide in sig-storage-local-static-provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-storage-local-static-provisioner/blob/master/docs/operations.md) which contains of preparing, setting up and cleaning up local volumes on the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [operations guide in sig-storage-local-static-provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-storage-local-static-provisioner/blob/master/docs/operations.md) which explains setup and cleanup of local volumes on the nodes.
```

> It also provides some [best practices](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-storage-local-static-provisioner/blob/master/docs/best-practices.md) in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also provides some [best practices](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-storage-local-static-provisioner/blob/master/docs/best-practices.md) for production.
```
